And everyone.
So will the streets back.
You don't bring solutions so far.
And I just taken this example of absurd.
Some problem.
So let me quickly open the court, and most of you by now must already realize how to trace back these.
But let me also you don't give it a shot.
So what we are doing is nothing, but we we're just calling subsection of this and it is giving me one.
But let's I also want to bring to the subset some that I'm getting.
Right.
What I'll do is.
Its right of function and let's call it print subset.
Some.
And this function will be void for me because I'm printing the function.
And I paused.
Just.
Just remember this.
This past, this same stage of dysfunction should be same as states of dysfunction.
So let me just posit.
Brings up the atom and Madison chromosome.
Let me just quickly write it brings up such an index.
Index command.
But you'll realize that.
This is the same problem as this.
What I'll do is nothing.
The base case is simple.
Let me update this base case.
It is a vindictive return.
Not now, because now we know it's a void.
Functions.
It's written back.
And the second thing is, yeah, it should be it is exactly the same function that the above recursive
function, all of it will be same.
We don't need memory additions, memorize it and we just need two things that added this.
It was possible or this was possible.
So what I'll do is I'll simply say that if.
Yes, that is absurd.
Some of the let me pick up district.
It's absurd.
Some of this was true.
Eight.
We all know that it will only bring this absurd sum, but it will only bring it if it's true, right?
If it's true, then we have only two options from where it is coming.
Is was this true or was this true?
Eight.
If this was true.
And it's very simple.
If this was true, then it's very simple.
I simply ask it.
I'll simply ask it.
Tracking solution of tracing solution to simply print a of index.
Because this was used in my support state, I simply print it and I'll call print subset.
Now Gorn brings up some from index minus one to some minus eight of index.
This.
But if this was true, that means.
I have to go in this spot.
And what if this was not true?
That means else if.
The second of it was true.
That means this particular state.
So if this was true.
Now we know that.
Sorry, this.
This is Sub6.
If this thread was true, that means the answer is coming from this state.
If it did not come from here, then it must have come from it.
And if it did not come from both of them, then it will simply return.
It will not print anything.
So if it is coming from index meaning, then chromosomes.
What does this mean?
The state means that I'm not including that element.
You all know that.
If I'm not including that element, what I'll simply do is I will simply not print the element.
And I just simply ask it to print the absurd sum.
I'm index minus one chromosome because if I'm not included, it doesn't mean that I've not included
previous indexes.
I have to trace it back and I'll simply return when the index is minus one invalid.
So I hear what we have got.
This one represents the that it's true that this subject is possible and what moral values have disappeared.
Some are just five.
And so instead of slash, let's give.
Eight, five and seven.
It's Eve.
How is 11 made?
It is 1415428.
So this is a part of a subset which is giving me I hope this is very clear.
But easy.
You can apply this to any other dining room.
But it is.
You have to just chase back that one.
But he goes, he said, I'm not going the path.
I'm either going in this spot or I'm going in this spot.
You have to exactly in one part.
Otherwise, you will bring multiple solutions that will not be there.
They added This should be to others.
Should we bother them to bring anyone government?
So you just have to go to one.
But just remembered it in this this prince upset.
Some will call one prince upset.
It's really called one prince upset.
But wanted.
And after the basic is what will happen.
It will simply keep underlining not going any of that.
But if once the basis is reached, it will destroy it underdone.
Well.
So, yeah.
In the next part.